Springer whereas electron stop the
canvas holds too much too long - we
listen closer
other ones coming from there so coming
through some price
as well as Nora's has done it
so we're a straight-up consider leader
in factory whose ambition is to pick up
Big Daddy at 25 stone China makes 21 a
half storm away they're in the shape of
Roger worlds
- : Corningstone
who has a government
fella your punch but we were on
Abbeywood
guys about today now I think it does is
alright with them
as long as it hurts one's over
but it's only learn through one full
decided to public warnings already
against blows in the duck leotardo and
left one minute and the favorites are
drop a little down I think
they're going to kill me
now about telling a public warning today
now is allowed at certain amount of
retaliation you roughly across
playwright is taking an awful
fifteen seconds
monthly
and I don't think legit Wells or get up
for an hour
can't buy telling who has believe it or
not train I mean he owns six donkeys and
a goat and has some Bernhard dog as pets
at his home in Crewe and he's been
trying for several weeks now it'll lift
the donkey which he has done
successfully puts him down very gently
of course but it was the effort of
training with a donkey trying to pick up
a big man like his against today with a
beautiful body slamming him afterwards
one fourth free to go 1/4 decides it but
le versus Wells and it's part le there
in the lighter leotard leaning against
the ropes with the most meeting and the
referee is already handed out to public
warnings to Roger Wells and his first
televised appearance
then strong fellow not very tall that
newly Farkle nice it'll switch to the
last moment for our college experience
something wrong
I know as the court is correct that's
what training is going go to the photo
down the little girl's top of me hole
and I should have it for that tunnel
this gun it's a long tour so they're
training with one of his donkeys what's
in the end because he lifted the 21 and
a half stone man with a crutch hold to a
slab
Bobby Parma I got a man ladies and
gentlemen around for when the only four
required the winner
and the loser please
I was a listen gentlemen the winner
Tampa today
and the Hoos are they guard